hello I'm on an item in Washington the
main stories brought to you by al
Jazeera the head of the United Nations
nuclear watchdog says it will inspect
Iran's newly disclosed uranium
enrichment plant near gum on the
twenty-fifth of October the developments
follow a week of intense diplomatic
activity speaking in Tehran on Sunday
the chief of the International Atomic
Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei said
Iran appears to be showing more
cooperation and transparency US forces
have suffered one of their bloodiest
days in Afghanistan since the war began
in 2001 eight American soldiers were
killed in an ambush in eastern
Afghanistan on Sunday the attack came
amid growing calls for US President
Barack Obama to make a decision on
increasing troop numbers in the country
the commander of US and NATO forces in
Afghanistan Stanley McChrystal is
seeking an additional 40,000 troops for
the Afghan war on Sunday Obama's
national security adviser said
Afghanistan is not about to fall to the
Taliban in Indonesia heavy rain has
hampered relief efforts for victims of
Wednesday's earthquake on the island of
Sumatra water food and medical aid has
begun arriving in remote areas where
several villages were wiped out many
foreign rescue teams have called off
their operations saying there's little
hope of pulling anyone out of the rubble
alive government officials say more than
900 people are still missing al
Jazeera's Wayne hey is in the city of
Padang which has been the center of much
of the aid and rescue efforts the risk
you work is very much saying that any
chance of finding survivors alive in the
rubble in Padang and the surrounding
areas is very slim indeed then we're
seeing many rescue workers in the kemp's
that they have set up here in padang
with nothing to do and there are many
more rescue teams due to arrive from
around the world Greece's opposition
socialists have claimed victory over the
governing conservatives in parliamentary
elections celebrations broke out in
Athens as the news was announced the
passive party
enough support to form a government
which will now have to deal with a
faltering economy in Greece and those
are our top stories don't forget you can
keep up to date with all the news on our
website and you'll find that at
al-jazeera net forward slash English the
address again al-jazeera net forward
slash English